## User Data Protection & Privacy Policy

Telegram for Christian is a Telegarm-Typed APP based on Telegram API, the purpose is to provide a richer and more powerful social options and communication experience.
We attach great importance to the protection and rights of users's private data.

In order to provide better services and improve the user experience, to ensure that the basic functions of this APP can be used normally, you need to apply for the following core permissions, as described below:

1.1.1 Permissions[Access device photos-media content and documents]:only used to store cached media content during the chat process, the program uses pictures and other file resources, in order to ensure that the program can work properly.

### [Other optional permissions]

1.2.1 Permission [Get device information-read call status/identification code]: only used to identify and authenticate user device data, you provide personalized services and improve existing services.

1.2.2 [Permissions-Location]: When your friends share their location, see nearby friends and other features.

1.2.3 [Permissions-Address book permissions]: Share friends or recommend friends.

Data collection and protection measures The Users in the use of some functions of the APP, such as registering the APP account, register to join the interactive virtual community of the APP, users can selectively provide nicknames, avatars and other information. The personal identity information collected and generated by this APP, including but not limited to personal social data, address book data, etc. is mainly for users to make it easier and more satisfactory to use our services. The goal of this APP is to provide all Internet users with a fun, positive and harmonious Internet experience. And this personal information helps us to achieve this goal.

Special Notice: In the absence of an explicit statement in this Agreement, Telegram for Christian will not collect, record and store any private data generated by users in the course of use, including but not limited to social relationships,user chains,address book data, etc., will not be uploaded, stored,transmitted to Telegram for Christian. The user's account, friends, and media data generated during the chat and use of the Software are owned by Telegram. Any private data generated by users in the process of using Telegram for Christian is stored in the Telegram cloud server in a highly encrypted and trusted manner through the Telegram kernel built into Telegram for Christian.

### Protection of UnderAge Users

1.4 Protecting the privacy of users(especially minors)is a basic policy of this APP. This APP will strictly cooperate with Telegram to strictly manage and protect the information provided by users, and use appropriate technologies to prevent the loss, theft or tampering of users ' personal data,and ensure that not only the registration information of individual users and the non-public content stored by users when using the network services are not disclosed to the outside world or provided to third parties.

1.5 The APP encourages users to update and modify their personal information to make it valid. Users can modify and delete their relevant information at their own discretion. Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information(such as in the community, comments or via e-mail), such information may be collected and used by others, resulting in the disclosure of your personal information, this APP is not responsible, if you publish your personal information in the above channels, you may cause the disclosure of your personal information. Therefore, we remind and ask you to carefully consider whether it is necessary to disclose your personal information in the above channels. You are the only person responsible for the confidentiality of your account password information. In any case, please take care to keep it safe and do not lend it to others at will.

1.6 Finally, if at any time you have questions about our Privacy Policy, deli201904@gmail.com ​Contact us and we will make every effort to improve this issue immediately within reasonable and appropriate limits.

#### Telegram Privacy Policy: [https://telegram.org/privacy](https://telegram.org/privacy)
